docs(event-hubs): Provide authentication parameter for connection strings (#994)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.9/scalers/azure-event-hub.md

> 💡 Learn more about the checkpointing behaviour in this [section](#checkpointing-behaviour).

> 💡 The Azure Storage connection string is not compatible with connection string created from a Shared Access Signature.

### Authentication Parameters

You can authenticate by using pod identity or connection string authentication.

**Connection String Authentication:**

> - `connection` - Connection string for the Azure Service Bus Namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `connection` - Connection string for the Azure Event Hub / Azure Event Hub Namespace.
```

  
  The following formats are supported.
  
  - With **SharedAccessKey** - 

>     `Endpoint=sb://<sb>.servicebus.windows.net/;SharedAccessKeyName=<key name>;SharedAccessKey=<key value>`

Reviewer: Not sure what the best way to document this is. But the connection string can optionally end with EntityPath=<hub-name>. If it doesn't then the eventHubName parameter has to be provided (this has been added in the parameters section).

Author: Done, let me know what you think!
